We are young at twenty, don’t we want to grow up?
Help, I'll grab this right away and help me stop playing.
Okay? Let me see you put it away and practice the lower part.
After a while, because the distinguished guest carrying the Zhou family's token returned to Lilin,
You must use the powder machine on him.
When someone comes, they will contact me immediately.
You know? Get it back and talk to you,
Did you hear that? If you hear it, help me.
Just hurry up and get busy. I'll call you as soon as possible.
Just have me here. everyone,
size, please come out gently gently gently gently gently gently gently gently gently gently gently
gently gently gently gently gently gently gently
Only use Hoi An service providers
If you are not a member of Benlian
Not eligible to stay in this hotel
I'm not here to check in
I'm here to find someone
But you, the guests staying here
Let me come to see you
Okay, sir, I understand that name.
I have an appointment today
But I saw your name on it
Are you sure you're not looking in the wrong place?